README.md, before:

# 🎩 Alist

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CodeURJC-DAW-2022-23/webapp1.svg)](https://github.com/CodeURJC-DAW-2022-23/webapp1/blob/main/LICENSE)

Universal top list website.

## 👤 Collaborators

| Name                        | Email                             | Github username                                     |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Alejandro Porras Torrecilla | a.porras.2019@alumnos.urjc.es     | [skuzow](https://github.com/skuzow)                 |
| Gledrian Gutierrez Regala   | g.gutierrezr.2020@alumnos.urjc.es | [gutche](https://github.com/gutche)                 |
| Alberto Dekenó Maho         | a.dekeno.2020@alumnos.urjc.es     | [kr4ll](https://github.com//kr4ll)                  |
| Frantzes Elzaurdia          | f.elzaurdia.2020@alumnos.urjc.es  | [franchescoURJC](https://github.com/franchescoURJC) |
| Vicente González Pérez      | v.gonzalez.2020@alumnos.urjc.es   | [Vicente1215](https://github.com/Vicente1215)       |

## 💪 Methodology

Agile methodology using scrum framework with jira.

## 💾 Entities

- User.
- List.
- Top item.
- Topic.

## 🚫 User permissions

- Guest: View tops.
- User: Create tops, manage profile, follow users.
- Admin: Manage tops, files & users.

## 📊 Graphs

This app is going to have trends (pie chart), registered users (line chart) graphs.

## ⚙️ Complementary tecnology

We are going to use an api to detect explicit contents.

## 🤔 Algorithm

Website is going to have a recommendation algorithm for main website.

Commit message:

docs: bold user types & images section

README.md, after:

# 🎩 Alist

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CodeURJC-DAW-2022-23/webapp1.svg)](https://github.com/CodeURJC-DAW-2022-23/webapp1/blob/main/LICENSE)

Universal top list website.

## 👤 Collaborators

| Name                        | Email                             | Github username                                     |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Alejandro Porras Torrecilla | a.porras.2019@alumnos.urjc.es     | [skuzow](https://github.com/skuzow)                 |
| Gledrian Gutierrez Regala   | g.gutierrezr.2020@alumnos.urjc.es | [gutche](https://github.com/gutche)                 |
| Alberto Dekenó Maho         | a.dekeno.2020@alumnos.urjc.es     | [kr4ll](https://github.com//kr4ll)                  |
| Frantzes Elzaurdia          | f.elzaurdia.2020@alumnos.urjc.es  | [franchescoURJC](https://github.com/franchescoURJC) |
| Vicente González Pérez      | v.gonzalez.2020@alumnos.urjc.es   | [Vicente1215](https://github.com/Vicente1215)       |

## 💪 Methodology

Agile methodology using scrum framework with jira.

## 💾 Entities

- User.
- List.
- Top item.
- Topic.

## 🚫 User permissions

- **Guest:** View tops.
- **User:** Create tops, manage profile, follow users.
- **Admin:** Manage tops, files & users.

## 🌄 Images

Here will be some images of the website.

## 📊 Graphs

This app is going to have trends (pie chart), registered users (line chart) graphs.

## ⚙️ Complementary tecnology

We are going to use an api to detect explicit contents.

## 🤔 Algorithm

Website is going to have a recommendation algorithm for main website.
